now let's get more on the intensified
Israeli raids that are also going on in
the occupied West Bank we can join Imran
Khan he's live for us from rala there
and Imran big raid going on in Janine
and elsewhere in the occupied West Bank
tell us
more well the raid that started in
Janine is by far the largest uh that
we've seen since October the 7th it
began around midnight and ended at 7
a.m. in the morning hundreds of Israeli
soldiers were being told fought their
way into the camp they met with stiff
resistance from Palestinian uh gunmen uh
once they managed to get into the camp
interestingly enough they actually
arrested a senior fut leader uh that's
the other big political party here in
Palestine interestingly enough the last
raids that we've seen have all been
against Hamas leaders not fut leaders
the first time we're hearing about that
the family actually says that the fut
leader was actually badly beaten after
he was arrested uh there was a lot more
fighting going on and that's when they
used a drone strike uh to try and keep
control uh of the area um and then after
that they brought in armored bulldozers
three of them this time that's a big
number we haven't seen really anything
more than one in these previous raids
where they dug up roads and destroyed
symbols of resistance after that there
was another rid began around 2: a.m. in
Darden uh and that is where a
65-year-old palis I man was shot that's
like four people who have been killed in
these two raids in total however 56
people have been arrested in those two
raids and another one in the occupied
West Bank uh that brings the total of
Palestinians in Israeli jails to 6,600
18800 of those are under administrative
detention basically held without charge
and since October the 7th almost 18800
people have been arrested and Iman all
of this causing so much anger throughout
the occup occupied West Bank what's
going to be happening today in
ramala well not just in ramala but
across the occupied West Bank they've
organized a general strike that's every
government building that's hosp uh
schools rather that's all of the shops
the businesses everything is shut down
and the strike Laura is actually holding
take a look around you uh ramala is
simply a ghost town right now um there
have been protests that have been moving
around uh rala expect to see those
protests uh get slightly bigger during
the day uh in a couple of hours there'll
be another de an hour in fact actually
there will be another demonstration
outside the United Nations building
Palestinians in rala in the occupied
West Bank are showing their solidarity
with uh the Palestinians in Gaza but
much more than that this is all in the
aftermath of that massacre in jab a
refugee camp okay Imran Khan joining us
there from ran thanks very much Imran
well as Imron was saying in Janine in
this raid there's been an air strike
that hit the refugee camp Charles
traford joins us now live from Janine
Charles tell us first of all what you're
seeing
there well you join us on a street here
just on the outskirts of the camp the
refugee camp that is inside Janine we've
been inside the camp we've looked at the
level of Destruction there there's been
talk about an air strike or air strikes
certainly what we've seen that the
locals describe to us as being air
strikes I wouldn't say they qualify as
that now whether indeed there were
projectiles that were fired from some
for of drone that remains to be seen but
you can see the level of Destruction on
this street cars
destroyed the locals here are telling us
that it would have been about 2:00 a.m.
that um the Israeli military came into
Janine this road here that you can see
was literally just dug up by one of
these military
grade bulldozers that we see to the use
being used to such devastating effect in
in these raids that are now happening
every night um there were tens we are
told of Israeli soldiers that that that
came into Janine last night there were a
number of arrests there was at least
three people killed here in Janine
another 11 injured uh one in a critical
condition but when you talk to people
here their reaction as to why for
example
this was done here on the street where
they say there were no
clashes there were no uh there were no
kids throwing stones um it was a quiet
quiet night last night and this
bulldozer just came in and dug this road
up and of course they call it a form of
collective punishment now there's a
theory sort of banding around that this
effort being made by the Israelis to
destroy civilian infrastructure like
this is a means or an effort by them to
try and turn the local population
against the armed resistance groups that
exist here in Janine for all intense of
purposes that seems to be failing there
is no indication here whatsoever talking
to the civilians that they would they
would do that and bear in mind that
Janine has for many many years been a
center for the armed resistance here in
the occupied West Bank there are various
different factions various different
groups a lot of weapons there have been
a lot of arrests and there have been a
number of people killed here since the
beginning of the war and the situation
has got a lot worse obviously since the
beginning of the war on Gaza but there's
no indication here of people being moved
Enough by this kind of Destruction to
turn against the armed resistance groups
now this street we're told still no
electricity electricity was turned off
apparently just before the raid happened
not right the way across the city but
within within given areas um we're going
to be going to the hospital we're going
to be speaking hopefully to the hospital
staff there about the level of injuries
but yeah there is a great sense of fear
and tension here in jine because these
raids are happening every single night
um the clear up operation continues here
and U yeah we'll be bringing you more
reaction throughout the day absolutely
okay we will hear from you more uh
Charles as you visit more people there
in Janine and in the hospitals for the
moment thanks very much for bringing are
seen there in Janine refugee camp in the
occupied West Bank following the latest
raid